docs: optimize the nextjs usage (#825)
web-infra-dev/rsdoctor: packages/document/docs/en/guide/start/quick-start-shared.mdx

### Next.js Framework

Initialize the RsdoctorWebpackPlugin plugin in the [Webpack Config](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/next-config-js/webpack) of `next.config.ts`.

```ts title="next.config.ts"
import type { NextConfig } from 'next';
import { RsdoctorWebpackPlugin } from '@rsdoctor/webpack-plugin';

const nextConfig: NextConfig = {
  /* config options here */
  webpack: (config) => {
    if (config.name === 'client') {
      config.plugins.push(
        new RsdoctorWebpackPlugin({
          disableClientServer: true,
        }),
      );
    } else if (config.name === 'server') {
      config.plugins.push(
        new RsdoctorWebpackPlugin({
          disableClientServer: true,
          output: {
            reportDir: './.next/server',
          },
        }),
      );
    }
    return config;
  },
};

export default nextConfig;
```

- **Options:** The plugin provides some configuration options, please refer to [Options](../../config/options/options).

#### 📢 Note for Next.js Projects

> Because Next.js closes the terminal service after the `build` execution is completed, the report page opened by Rsdoctor during the build process will also become invalid. Therefore, you can use [@rsdoctor/cli](/guide/start/cli) to reopen the page report without needing to execute the build operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Next.js closes the terminal service after the `build` execution is completed, the report page server run by Rsdoctor during the build process will also be shut down. At this point, you can reopen the report page using [@rsdoctor/cli](/guide/start/cli) without having to execute the build operation again.
```
